[CTOR-1277]-Refresh hardware-storage-emc-datadomain-snmp doc page (#3979)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-storage-emc-datadomain-snmp.md

## Connector dependencies

> The following monitoring connectors will be installed when you install the **EMC Data Domain SNMP** connector through the

Reviewer: pas de snmp dans le titre du topic

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-custom" label="HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias   | Service Template                                      | Service Description                                                                        | Discovery  |
|:----------------|:------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------:|
| Alerts          | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-Alerts-SNMP-custom          | Check current alerts                                                                       |            |

> | Cleaning        | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-Cleaning-SNMP-custom        | Check last time filesystems had been cleaned                                               |            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cleaning        | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-Cleaning-SNMP-custom        | Check last time filesystems have been cleaned                                               |            |
```

| Filesystems     | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-Filesystems-SNMP-custom     | Check filesystems                                                                          | X          |

> | Hardware-Global | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-Hardware-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all hardware (fans, power supplies, temperatures, disks, nvram batteries) of storage |            |

Reviewer: of storage?

> | Hardware-Global | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-Hardware-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all hardware (fans, power supplies, temperatures, disks, nvram batteries) of storage |            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Hardware-Global | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-Hardware-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all storage hardware (fans, power supplies, temperatures, disks, nvram batteries) |            |
```

#### Service discovery

| Rule name                                   | Description                                               |
|:--------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------|
| HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-Filesystems  | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |
| HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-Interfaces   | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |
| HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-Mtrees       | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |

> | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-Replications | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |

Reviewer: 3 times the same

> | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-Interfaces   | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |
> | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-Mtrees       | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |
> | HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-Replications | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-Interfaces   | Discover network interfaces and monitor bandwidth utilization |
| HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-Mtrees       | Discover the mtrees to monitor                                |
| HW-Storage-EMC-DataDomain-SNMP-Replications | Discover the replications to monitor |
```

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Alerts" label="Alerts">

| Macro                 | Description                                                                                             | Default value                                           | Mandatory   |
|:----------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------|:-----------:|

> | TRULYALERT            | Expression to define a truly alert (default: '%\{severity\} =~ /emergency\|alert\|warning\|critical/i') | %\{severity\} =~ /emergency\|alert\|warning\|critical/i |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TRULYALERT            | Expression to define an actual alert (default: '%\{severity\} =~ /emergency\|alert\|warning\|critical/i') | %\{severity\} =~ /emergency\|alert\|warning\|critical/i |             |
```

| Macro        | Description                                                                                        | Default value     | Mandatory   |
|:-------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|

> | COMPONENT    | Which component to check (default: '.*'). Can be: 'psu', 'fan', 'disk', 'temperature', 'battery'   | temperature       |             |

Reviewer: temperature?

> | COMPONENT    | Which component to check (default: '.*'). Can be: 'psu', 'fan', 'disk', 'temperature', 'battery'   | temperature       |             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| COMPONENT    | Which component to check (default: '.*'). Can be: 'psu', 'fan', 'disk', 'temperature', 'battery'   | psu       |             |
```

| WARNINGSTATUS      | Define the conditions to match for the status to be WARNING. You can use the following variables: %\{admstatus\}, %\{opstatus\}, %\{duplexstatus\}, %\{display\}                                                                |                                                  |             |
| EXTRAOPTIONS       | Any extra option you may want to add to the command (a --verbose flag for example). All options are listed [here](#available-options).                                                                                                                              | --verbose                                        |             |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Mtrees" label="Mtrees">

| Macro           | Description                                                                                                               | Default value     | Mandatory   |
|:----------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|

> | FILTERMTREENAME | Check MTress by name                                                                                                      |                   |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| FILTERMTREENAME | Check MTrees by name                                                                                                      |                   |             |
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Mtrees" label="Mtrees">

| Option                   | Description                                                                                                                                                             |
|:-------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| --filter-counters        |   Only display some counters (regexp can be used). Example: --filter-counters='status'                                                                                  |

> | --filter-mtree-name      |   Check MTress by name.                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --filter-mtree-name      |   Check MTrees by name.                                                                                                                                                 |
```
